Add function:

Add a function and button : Move to the top. Move the selected task to the top of its task box.
Add a function and button: Move to the bottom. Move the selected task to the bottom of its task box.

After each task box, indicate currently how many tasks are inputted.

If I want to mark task in task boxes by Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thrsday, Friday. How to realize it?

Right click a task, there's option to move this task into which task box.

User mannual.

When using mouse to drag a task, it can be insert a position (up or down) in its task box.

In every task box, after the title, for example 'Emergency also important', add 'Total tasks: | Accmplilshed Tasks: ' of this task box.

显示: 每个任务list box名称旁边, 显示这个任务类别下一共有多少个任务.

增加一栏Reminder, Reminder用于记录重要事项需要提醒Follow, 但已经操作过不需要额外操作的情况.


Adjustment:

Add a Auto-save toggle in the menu bar.

The edit window after click "modify" is too short, display content is limited, could you make it longer so it can display more content, please?

When click 'X' to close the program. Pop up a window to ask you want to save the file or not. If this file is already saved, then click 'Yes' means 'save' cover that existed file, if this file is not saved already, click 'Yes' means 'save as'. If this file already been saved and no modification before close, then no need to pop up.

Select a task, click 'Priority 1-4' button and categorize that task into taskbox. [X2, strong demand on this].


Debug:

1. 'Save' and 'Save as' function seems to be the same right now, after click the button, a save path has to be selected for both funcitons.
It is right for 'Save as' to have this function, so no need to change.
However, for 'Save', when click the button, the file should be save to the same previous saving path (if ther's any), and if no previous saving path existed, 
then click save will act as a same function of 'save as'.

2. 'Undo' and 'Redo' function doesn't reflect all actions when using this program. For example, if I delete all the completed tasks, and press 'ctrl+z', it doesn't work.

3. 撤回操作只能影响任务,比如删除了所有已完成任务,后悔了,电机撤回, 没有反应.




